# com.idtus.contest.winter2017.framework
Use:
Use this solution to help identify runtime errors in executable jars.
To Execute Solution:
Pass jarToTestPath, and any optional arguments to the solution before execution.
Software Requirements:
1. The solution shall use a minimum of Java7 and a maximum of Java 8. - this works with Java 7-8 and is not guaranteed to work with lower levels of Java 
2. The solution shall test executables in the form of Java Jars via the command line. - this was tested using the executable jars provided.
3. The solution shall increase code coverage of the Software Under Test (SUT) via exploratory black box
testing. - the solution was able to increase coverage over the sample test jars
4. The solution shall increase the number of unique exceptions generated by the SUT via exploratory
black box testing. - more unique expections were generated by the solution over the test jars.
5. The solution shall accept the path of the executable jar to test as a required command line argument in
the form of: -jarToTestPath <jar to test path here>. - the sample jars were tested by passing the jarToTestPath to the solution
6. The solution shall accept the path to the directory where jacoco will generate output files as a required
command line argument in the form of: -jacocoOutputPath <jacoco output dir path here>. - output from the sample jars was directed to the jacoco output path
7. The solution shall accept the path of the jacoco agent jar in the form of: -jacocoAgentJarPath <jacoco
agent jar path here>. - testing of the sample jars indicated that the soluction accepted the jacoco agent path
8. The solution shall execute the specified number of exploratory black box test iterations (default 1000)
against the SUT. - the solution has been tested on each of the sample jars at 1000 test iterations
9. The solution shall run additional exploratory black box test iterations, if the specified number of
exploratory black box test iterations completes within a specified test time goal (default 5 minutes). 
10. The solution shall accept the number of exploratory black box tests to run as an optional command line
argument in the form of: -bbTests <number of tests here>. - the optional argument has been tested with the sample jars
11. The solution shall accept the test time goal as an optional command line argument in the form of: - the optional argument has been tested with the sample jars
timeGoal <number of minutes here>. 
12. The solution shall support applications that take a fixed number of arguments.- the argument has been tested with the sample jars
13. The solution shall support applications that take a variable number of arguments.- the argument has been tested with the sample jars
14. The solution shall support integer arguments.- the argument has been tested with the sample jars
15. The solution shall support double arguments.- the argument has been tested with the sample jars
16. The solution shall support bounded String arguments.
- the argument has been tested with the sample jars
17. The solution shall support unbounded String arguments.- the argument has been tested with the sample jars
18. The solution shall record unique exceptions or crashes seen during exploratory testing. - the solution has succeded in recoding unique exceptions in the sample jars
19. The solution shall print to stdout a YAML report at the end of testing that is in the following format:
 Total predefined tests run: <count here> - the solution has succeded in YAML recoding unique exceptions in the sample jars
Number of predefined tests that passed: <count here>
Number of predefined tests that failed: <count here>
 Total code coverage percentage: <percentage as a double here>
 Unique error count: <count here>
 Errors seen:
 - <Exception or crash information here>
 - <Exception or crash information here>
 - <Exception or crash information here>
20. The solution shall accept an optional command line argument of the form "-toolChain" that will limit
the output to contain only the parseable YAML indicated above. - the argument has been tested with the sample jars
21. The solution shall be delivered as an executable jar with the name
com.idtus.contest.winter2017.framework.jar.
22. The solution shall also be delivered as an Maven Project in Eclipse (zipped up) with the name
com.idtus.contest.winter2017.framework.zip.